README.md, before:

# ABS Wear

![abswear_icon][abs_wear_header]

[![style: very good analysis][very_good_analysis_badge]][very_good_analysis_link]
[![License: MIT][license_badge]][license_link]

Generated by the [Very Good CLI][very_good_cli_link] 🤖

[Audiobookshelf][abs_github_link]  on your Android Wear!

---

## About

ABS Wear is a standalone version for Android Wear OS 4.0, currently there is no plan to develop a version for Watch OS (Apple). This project is made for fun as a weekend project. This project is not part of the audiobookshelf core as it is written in Flutter instead of Vue. ABS Wear is a 3rd party project and is not affiliated with the original project.

Download the app from Play Store: ⌚ [**ABS Wear**][play_store_link] ⌚

<div style="text-align: center">

![login][screen_login]

![screen_login_info][screen_login_info]

![library][screen_library]

![player][screen_player]

![controls_online][screen_controls_online]

![controls_offline][screen_controls_offline]

</div>

---

## Installing GitHub Releases 📦

> [!NOTE]
> There are different types of APK files for Wear OS, depending on the device’s architecture and features. The most common ones are:
>
> **app-production-arm64-v8a-release.apk**: This is for devices that use a 64-bit ARM processor, such as the Fossil Gen 5, TicWatch Pro 3, and Samsung Galaxy Watch 4.
>
> **app-production-armeabi-v7a-release.apk**: This is for devices that use a 32-bit ARM processor, such as the Moto 360 (3rd Gen), TicWatch E2, and Fossil Sport.
>
> **app-production-x86_64-release.apk**: This is for devices that use a 64-bit Intel processor, such as the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition and Asus ZenWatch 3.

To install the latest release from GitHub, follow the steps below:

1. Download the latest release from the [releases page][releases_page].
2. Connect your Android Wear device to your computer.

    ```bash
    # Check if the device is connected
    adb devices
    # connect to the device, example:
    adb connect 192.168.1.45:33553
    ```

3. Open a terminal and navigate to the directory where you downloaded the APK.

    ```bash
    # Example
    cd ~/Downloads
    ```

4. Install the APK using the Android Debug Bridge (ADB) tool. If you haven't installed ADB, you can download it from the [Android developer site][android developer site].

    ```bash
    # Install the APK
    adb install abs_wear.apk
    # Disconnect from the device
    adb disconnect
    ```

---

## Getting Started 🚀

This project contains 3 flavors:

- development
- staging
- production

To run the desired flavor either use the launch configuration in VSCode/Android Studio or use the following commands:

```sh
# Development
$ flutter run --flavor development --target lib/main_development.dart

# Staging
$ flutter run --flavor staging --target lib/main_staging.dart

# Production
$ flutter run --flavor production --target lib/main_production.dart
```

_\*This template includes only the Android runner, as it is meant to run on Wear OS devices only._

---

## Running Tests 🧪

To run all unit and widget tests use the following command:

```sh
flutter test --coverage --test-randomize-ordering-seed random
```

---

## Working with Translations 🌐

This project relies on [flutter_localizations][flutter_localizations_link] and follows the [official internationalization guide for Flutter][internationalization_link].

### Adding Strings

1. To add a new localizable string, open the `app_en.arb` file at `lib/l10n/arb/app_en.arb`.

    ```arb
    {
        "@@locale": "en",
        "serverUrlLabel": "Server URL",
        "@serverUrlLabel": {
            "description": "Label for the server URL input field"
        },
        "usernameLabel": "Username",
        "@usernameLabel": {
            "description": "Username for the input field"
        },
        "passwordLabel": "Password",
        "@passwordLabel": {
            "description": "Password for the input field"
        },
        "hello": "Hello {username}",
        "@hello": {
            "description": "Hello text with parameter: username",
            "placeholders": {
                "username": {
                    "type": "String",
                    "example": "Bob"
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```

2. Then add a new key/value and description

    ```arb
    {
        "@@locale": "en",
        "serverUrlLabel": "Server URL",
        "@serverUrlLabel": {
            "description": "Label for the server URL input field"
        },
        "usernameLabel": "Username",
        "@usernameLabel": {
            "description": "Username for the input field"
        },
        "passwordLabel": "Password",
        "@passwordLabel": {
            "description": "Password for the input field"
        },
        "hello": "Hello {username}",
        "@hello": {
            "description": "Hello text with parameter: username",
            "placeholders": {
                "username": {
                    "type": "String",
                    "example": "Bob"
                }
            }
        },
        "library": "Library",
        "@library": {
            "description": "Text for Library"
        }
    }
    ```

3. Use the new string

    ```dart
    import 'package:abs_wear/l10n/l10n.dart';

    @override
    Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    final l10n = context.l10n;
    return Text(l10n.library);
    }
    ```

---

## Special thanks 😊

- [advplyr][advplyr_github_link] - Author of Audiobookshelf
- nyxholas - Moderator/Contributor of ABS

[flutter_localizations_link]: https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/flutter_localizations/flutter_localizations-library.html
[internationalization_link]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization
[license_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license_link]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[very_good_analysis_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg
[very_good_analysis_link]: https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis
[very_good_cli_link]: https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_cli
[abs_github_link]: https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf
[abs_wear_header]: .github/pictures/ABS_Wear_header.png
[advplyr_github_link]: https://github.com/advplyr
[screen_library]: .github/pictures/library.png
[screen_player]: .github/pictures/player.png
[screen_login]: .github/pictures/login_page.png
[screen_login_info]: .github/pictures/login_info.png
[screen_controls_offline]: .github/pictures/controls_offline.png
[screen_controls_online]: .github/pictures/controls_online.png
[releases_page]: https://github.com/RasmusKoit/abs_wear/releases/latest
[android developer site]: https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platform-tools
[play_store_link]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dev.koit.abs_wear

Commit message:

Add audiobook features to README.md

README.md, after:

# ABS Wear

![abswear_icon][abs_wear_header]

[![style: very good analysis][very_good_analysis_badge]][very_good_analysis_link]
[![License: MIT][license_badge]][license_link]

Generated by the [Very Good CLI][very_good_cli_link] 🤖

[Audiobookshelf][abs_github_link]  on your Android Wear!

---

## About

ABS Wear is a standalone version for Android Wear OS 4.0, currently there is no plan to develop a version for Watch OS (Apple). This project is made for fun as a weekend project. This project is not part of the audiobookshelf core as it is written in Flutter instead of Vue. ABS Wear is a 3rd party project and is not affiliated with the original project.

Download the app from Play Store: ⌚ [**ABS Wear**][play_store_link] ⌚

---

## Features

- **Library**: Browse your library and continue listening to your favorite audiobooks.
- **Player**: Control the playback of your audiobooks.
- **Online Mode**: Stream your audiobooks from the server (internet connection is required).
- **Local Mode**: Download your audiobooks and listen to them locally (internet connection is still required for syncing).
- **Controls**: Control the playback of your audiobooks with the built-in media controls.

<div style="text-align: center">

![login][screen_login]

![screen_login_info][screen_login_info]

![library][screen_library]

![player][screen_player]

![controls_online][screen_controls_online]

![controls_offline][screen_controls_offline]

</div>

---

## Installing GitHub Releases 📦

> [!NOTE]
> There are different types of APK files for Wear OS, depending on the device’s architecture and features. The most common ones are:
>
> **app-production-arm64-v8a-release.apk**: This is for devices that use a 64-bit ARM processor, such as the Fossil Gen 5, TicWatch Pro 3, and Samsung Galaxy Watch 4.
>
> **app-production-armeabi-v7a-release.apk**: This is for devices that use a 32-bit ARM processor, such as the Moto 360 (3rd Gen), TicWatch E2, and Fossil Sport.
>
> **app-production-x86_64-release.apk**: This is for devices that use a 64-bit Intel processor, such as the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition and Asus ZenWatch 3.

To install the latest release from GitHub, follow the steps below:

1. Download the latest release from the [releases page][releases_page].
2. Connect your Android Wear device to your computer.

    ```bash
    # Check if the device is connected
    adb devices
    # connect to the device, example:
    adb connect 192.168.1.45:33553
    ```

3. Open a terminal and navigate to the directory where you downloaded the APK.

    ```bash
    # Example
    cd ~/Downloads
    ```

4. Install the APK using the Android Debug Bridge (ADB) tool. If you haven't installed ADB, you can download it from the [Android developer site][android developer site].

    ```bash
    # Install the APK
    adb install abs_wear.apk
    # Disconnect from the device
    adb disconnect
    ```

---

## Getting Started 🚀

This project contains 3 flavors:

- development
- staging
- production

To run the desired flavor either use the launch configuration in VSCode/Android Studio or use the following commands:

```sh
# Development
$ flutter run --flavor development --target lib/main_development.dart

# Staging
$ flutter run --flavor staging --target lib/main_staging.dart

# Production
$ flutter run --flavor production --target lib/main_production.dart
```

_\*This template includes only the Android runner, as it is meant to run on Wear OS devices only._

---

## Running Tests 🧪

To run all unit and widget tests use the following command:

```sh
flutter test --coverage --test-randomize-ordering-seed random
```

---

## Working with Translations 🌐

This project relies on [flutter_localizations][flutter_localizations_link] and follows the [official internationalization guide for Flutter][internationalization_link].

### Adding Strings

1. To add a new localizable string, open the `app_en.arb` file at `lib/l10n/arb/app_en.arb`.

    ```arb
    {
        "@@locale": "en",
        "serverUrlLabel": "Server URL",
        "@serverUrlLabel": {
            "description": "Label for the server URL input field"
        },
        "usernameLabel": "Username",
        "@usernameLabel": {
            "description": "Username for the input field"
        },
        "passwordLabel": "Password",
        "@passwordLabel": {
            "description": "Password for the input field"
        },
        "hello": "Hello {username}",
        "@hello": {
            "description": "Hello text with parameter: username",
            "placeholders": {
                "username": {
                    "type": "String",
                    "example": "Bob"
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```

2. Then add a new key/value and description

    ```arb
    {
        "@@locale": "en",
        "serverUrlLabel": "Server URL",
        "@serverUrlLabel": {
            "description": "Label for the server URL input field"
        },
        "usernameLabel": "Username",
        "@usernameLabel": {
            "description": "Username for the input field"
        },
        "passwordLabel": "Password",
        "@passwordLabel": {
            "description": "Password for the input field"
        },
        "hello": "Hello {username}",
        "@hello": {
            "description": "Hello text with parameter: username",
            "placeholders": {
                "username": {
                    "type": "String",
                    "example": "Bob"
                }
            }
        },
        "library": "Library",
        "@library": {
            "description": "Text for Library"
        }
    }
    ```

3. Use the new string

    ```dart
    import 'package:abs_wear/l10n/l10n.dart';

    @override
    Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    final l10n = context.l10n;
    return Text(l10n.library);
    }
    ```

---

## Special thanks 😊

- [advplyr][advplyr_github_link] - Author of Audiobookshelf
- nyxholas - Moderator/Contributor of ABS

[flutter_localizations_link]: https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/flutter_localizations/flutter_localizations-library.html
[internationalization_link]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization
[license_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license_link]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[very_good_analysis_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg
[very_good_analysis_link]: https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis
[very_good_cli_link]: https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_cli
[abs_github_link]: https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf
[abs_wear_header]: .github/pictures/ABS_Wear_header.png
[advplyr_github_link]: https://github.com/advplyr
[screen_library]: .github/pictures/library.png
[screen_player]: .github/pictures/player.png
[screen_login]: .github/pictures/login_page.png
[screen_login_info]: .github/pictures/login_info.png
[screen_controls_offline]: .github/pictures/controls_offline.png
[screen_controls_online]: .github/pictures/controls_online.png
[releases_page]: https://github.com/RasmusKoit/abs_wear/releases/latest
[android developer site]: https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platform-tools
[play_store_link]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dev.koit.abs_wear
